[Music]
all right hey how's it going Dave QD
here a couple days ago I went into
Twitter to ask people to ask me some
questions for this Q&A video and I did
it because truthfully super busy at work
don't have time for a regular tech video
hence this filler Q&A video I apologize
if you're expecting a tech video this
week okay first what do you do for a
living besides YouTube it's a little bit
complicated but the simpler answer is
that I work at a company that does the
engineering the architecture the
development the construction of medical
buildings so imagine a medical clinic
those things are built from like step 0
through step 10,000 we do all of them
and one of those steps happens to be
equipping them with tech and that's kind
of how I got into this besides tech is
there any other stuff that you'd like to
make videos about and I would say the
answer to that is no mostly because I
think I'd be pretty terrible at making
every other type of video you do 2d game
development so what have you made I'm a
little hesitant to tell you because it's
terrible ok I worked on several teams
for game development but the one game
that I made that is like most personal
to me because everything about it was
like it was my game mechanic my game
design it's a game called inject it's
available in the App Store it's only for
iOS it's a terrible game don't purchase
it please but it exists if you want to
see how terrible it was you can take a
look at it I might put a link to like
the trailer down in the comment section
or in the video description what do you
use to make the animations in your
videos I use After Effects there's no
like easy way to do it it's
time-consuming I enjoy doing it it's
kind of like a cathartic like relaxing
thing for me to just like draw the lines
and stuff like that but it's not a quick
process by any means to use a laptop or
desktop primarily I use almost
exclusively laptops mostly because my
work requires me to be pretty mobile and
laptops let you do that how do you
balance a youtube channel work and
personal life I don't I think I'm pretty
bad at it I sleep very little and that's
probably like the easiest way to do it
how do you spin laptops on the finger
how do you develop the skill it's
essentially like spinning a textbook
it's unlike spinning a basketball but
the basketball you kind of use your
other hand to keep the ball going with
speed with a laptop or a textbook you
have to keep the speed with the same
spinning finger are you related to
marques Brown you guys have the same
last name
[Music]
ok we're both last names Leigh why do
you use a Mac slash hackintosh instead
of Windows the simple answer ok the true
answer is that I am much more productive
on a Mac simply because I can't dick
around I can't play games on a Mac as
readily as I can on a good PC like I
have very poor self control when it
comes to playing games I will just sink
hours into the game if I have access to
a good computer when you have a good Mac
you can't play the games that I like to
play hence I use a Mac to force myself
to curb my gaming habits whatever do a
behind-the-scenes laptop review know if
those are released they would be super
boring to watch
I assure you have you ever been to
Malaysia
yes I have part of my family's from
there and I often go there for work but
yeah I go there once in a while what are
three important tips you could give to a
new tech channel ok I mentioned this in
my first QA I don't remember exactly the
points I gave then but the one that
comes to mind is making content that you
personally enjoy that you enjoy like
creating and you enjoy watching because
if you don't if you're just doing
content because you think it's the right
thing to do or you think it's popular
it's gonna come across people can smell
that a mile away it's just bad content
enjoy the process because seriously
that's probably the most important thing
about YouTube
other like tips
I don't know man I'm not good with that
stuff maybe it's something another thing
that comes to mind don't like try not to
watch other people's content and try to
replicate what they're doing that's
something that I think a lot of people
are tempted to do because they see a
successful channel to like hey I'll do
what that guy's doing it but I'll do it
my own way I'll do my spin on it it's a
terrible way to doing things you call
yourself a content creator because
you're a content creator you should be
creating things not content replicating
I really think that I mean the more that
you practice at making your own style
the better you'll get at it
so make your own thing try not to bite
what's your favorite watch character
overwatch character road hog probably
because he doesn't have he doesn't
require like good twitch aim he's just
yeah because I have bad aim non-tech
item favorite non tech item that you own
I don't know maybe my backpack I know
that's really lame answer I apologize
how do you keep things so clean does
your place have a lot of storage or
delive mentally minimally I throw out
everything that I can't like the moment
I open something like a box immediately
gets thrown out all the cables that I
don't absolutely need get thrown out
it's just I mean I'm terrible with
keeping things I sometimes regret having
thrown certain things out but it just
lets you have a cleaner space xbs 15 or
the x360 15 XPS 15 for sure do I think
each EP will take off this year no
mostly because external GPUs that when
they were announced the 10 series Pascal
and video cards had not come out and it
kind of made a lot of sense at the time
the 10s used cards are such a big jump
up from the previous generation and
they're so similar to the like the
laptop versions are so similar to the
desktop versions it's not really a
compelling purchase it's such an
expensive like everything about it just
doesn't work right now maybe in the
future but right now the GPUs are too
expensive and the performance isn't good
enough to really warrant it for most
people
what's your daily schedule look like I
work a lot like 6070 sometimes more 6070
hours for my regular work so I try to
devote maybe four to five hours of like
shooting with the YouTube videos per
week like so two hours one day two hours
a second day I never give myself more
than two days to shoot YouTube videos
and I shoot during my lunch break and
stuff like that I'll edit videos at home
at night but I just don't have more time
than that to shoot video the rest of my
time is spent doing work and spending
time with my family
daily driver is currently using Nexus
not the Nexus the pixel phone that shows
how much I often you can I actually use
it the pixel and the iPhone and I use
the MacBook Pro and the XPS 15
occasionally the razor blade if it had
32 gigs of ram I would use a razor blade
more but XPS 15 more often than not
what's your education I went to
University of Toronto I studied a human
bio like a life science kind of thing
completely unrelated to what I do for
work
completely unrelated to this YouTube
stuff but that's what I did
what's the best beginner camera your
smartphone camera you can make some
amazing stuff with your smartphone
camera you completely don't need
anything else more than that to start a
YouTube channel did you get a gh4
specifically for youtube or something
else okay
I actually yea the gh4 was my first
camera I actually borrowed that thing
from my friend and I used it for a very
long time like a year and a half and
then I broke it because I'm a terrible
friend and I actually pre-ordered the
red the scarlet w before I broke it it
just took so long for it to come I had
to purchase a like intermediary camera
in between a Panasonic g7 that I used
for a couple months in between and then
after that I went to the scarlet W so
it's kind of weird the scarlet Dobby is
actually my very first camera that I
purchased just kind of
it's idiotic what do I eat for breakfast
I'm not much of a breakfast person I'm a
coffee person where are you from I am
obviously Asian I'm like my dad is half
chinese half Malaysian my mom is half
chinese half Burmese so that yeah you
can Asian I was born and raised in
Canada though so I was born in Toronto
raised in Toronto Canada what was I
doing before being a full-time youtuber
I would not consider myself a full-time
youtuber at all before I made YouTube
videos on the side I made 2d games on
the side pancakes or waffles waffles for
sure like for sure mostly because
waffles are more like anyone can make a
pancake you make pancake mix and just
make a pancake on any day but with a
waffle you need like a waffle iron you
need like stuff to make it more awesome
it's just like a fancier wall it's
basically a fancy pancake favorite new
game overwatch I played that a lot
classic game probably Zelda a Link to
the Past on the Super Nintendo good
memories there specs of your hackintosh
so it's that thing there it's a 6700 K
skylake GTX 980 I don't love the
reliability of it it's fine for regular
use but I can't edit videos reliably on
it so I just tend not to use it as much
as I would like to Tim Horton's order so
Tim Hortons is like a coffee chain in
Canada to milk one sweetener that's like
my go-to what's the story behind the 2d
in the channel name so 2d is I guess my
user name on forms when I went onto
forms like looking for how to do things
for game development it was Dave 2d
what's the best way to learn video
editing just do it man you just got a
giver and you'll get better over time
what would be your perfect laptop so a
laptop that was like thin and light that
was somehow able to run a 6 or even 8
core CPU like Intel CPU would be awesome
it's not gonna exist anytime soon at
least I don't think it will but that
would be pretty perfect favorite
youtubers that I watch that aren't in
tech I don't watch that much YouTube but
the one guy that I watch relatively
frequently is h3h3 his stuff is
it's not for everyone I find it pretty
funny do you have a girlfriend I am
married I have a wife does that count
and I have a kid I don't know if that
counts as a girlfriend how's the switch
to red going for you was it the best
decision you've made also did you color
the red symbol teal yourself okay
debrand actually made that teal or blue
logo thing and stuck it on for me which
was awesome in terms of the workflow
it's definitely slower than before it's
probably five maybe 10% slower than my
previous camera which was the gh4 but
it's so much more enjoyable to work with
and the learning curve is just it's
steep but it's very satisfying when you
kind of figure stuff out as you go hope
you guys enjoyed this video I gotta get
back to work
thumbs if you liked it subs we loved it
I'll see you guys next time
[Music]